okay in my town we're having a snow day
so for you guys today I'm going to show
you two completely unrelated figures
that I made recently the only thing that
does make them similar is yellow grey
blue water yeah if you haven't
recognized them yet edit this is a g1
sea spray but modified quite a bit and
here we have g1 completely
unrecognizable but it is in fact punch
counterpunch ok so since this is sort of
a combined with you I'm just going to
skip the transformations and
video editing powers go here is sea
spray in his robot for and surprisingly
he has a large gun right here I know sea
spray doesn't have one but the
transformation I figured out he did this
slid between this gap right here in the
vehicle mode and yeah racing flag still
where it was and if you don't like that
take it off hold this down you wouldn't
notice that there ever was a flag except
for the flag now punch counterpunch
counter punch is a primarily blue with
the gray and his gun is for the most
part black and the wheels on the
shoulders and in his legs so pretty
accurate to the original toy and it
pretty well conceals the fact that he's
really punch so anyway yeah his gun is
now for the most part yellow the wheels
are back here still on his legs he has
yellow detailing on his legs and heel
spurs and he's got this random read
weapon right here they share the same
head the same arms the same legs ok I'm
going to show you a little trick right
here yeah no transformation and all this
right here is a counter punches head
flip down punch his head see see see
anyway it's sort of a long arm Prime
from animated syndrome here a smaller
more compact robot turn
being into a more lanky taller robot so
here are two of my newer creations and I
hope you enjoyed this small video mm
maybe later I'll show the transformation
and individual reviews and get more into
detail and whatnot so for now thanks for
watching